Mark Whitehorn's flight testing project
    currently operational:
        stabilization
        navigation: RTL
        magnetometer

notes and changes:

21 April 2013:
    Arsov AGPS module connected and working properly on bench.
    Not getting a green LED for radio_on indication; appears to be no IC1 interrupt

22 April:
    PWM inputs working correctly now, servo outputs also seem reasonable
    incorporated Robert's macro changes to radioIn_auav3.c

23 April:
    fixed InputCapture pin assignments for inputs 2/3 and 5/6

24 April:
    defined symbolic names for all IC and OC pins to help avoid mismatches
    between internal and external pin numbers

25 April:
    The latest version of the XC16 compiler, v1.11 generates the warning:
    "Taking the address of <symbol> may require an extended pointer for this device"
    if the address of an auto variable is taken using a standard data pointer.
    This is due to the fact that the stack may span the 32K boundary and only the
    low 15 bits of a standard pointer are used as the address.
    This is not currently a problem, as the stack begins down below 0x2000, but
    could become an issue if dataspace begins to fill toward the 32K (0x8000) boundary.

    Added file stack.S to test manual allocation of 4KB stack from 0x2000 to 0x3000.
    This range is addressable with a standard pointer. No apparent way to suppress
    the compiler warning though.

29 April:
    changed options.h and magnetometerOptions.h to enable onboard magnetometer;
    soldered mag enable jumper on auav3
    still untested; need to install in aircraft and log telemetry to test

30 April:
   moved telemetry output to UART3 port (by remapping I/O pins in mcu.c:configurePPS)
   and connected OpenLog to UART3

2 May:
    getting address and stack error traps with only barometer enabled on I2C2
    also getting address traps with only magnetometer enabled on I2C2 (over 60 minutes
    to first trap)
    No traps observed during a 3987 second (66.5 minutes) run with no I2C2 devices enabled

5 May:
    revert changes to project and magneto_udb4.c which broke this project
    This project is currently configured to use the magnetometer and excludes
    the code for the I2C2 barometer as it is incompatible.

16 May:
    modified options.h for Typhoon (copy in typhoon_options.h), with dual aileron
    servos. Demonstrated stabilized mode and observed erratic but stable behavior
    in auto mode on 15 May. Need to soften the auto mode turns, route battery cables
    away from magnetometer and fly again.

22 May:
    configure for testing Typhoon stabilization: problems recovering from vertical dive
    * turned off inverted mode stabilization
    * set all KDs to zero

24 May:
    modified states.c to use Pete's asap flag with launch detection
    added mavlink message for raw barometer pressure and temp
    ***now getting glitches on PWM output channels when changing flight modes
    ***also lost the console output on OPTO1

25 May:
    copied from -auav3_mw with unused source files in libFlashFS, libMDD and libUSB
    removed. Hoping to reduce build time from 25 seconds back closer to what it
    was before. Need to make libXXX into actual libraries to avoid unnecessary rebuilds.
    Deleted p30sim.h and hacked the console I/O routines to work correctly:
    p30sim.h shouldn't be included, deleted from libCommon and replaced with correct
    include. uart init macros masked an undefined symbol (BRGH)... very bad...
    *** glitches on mode switching now gone!!! and console output restored
    Implication is that libCommon/read,write were causing the glitches by either
    trashing RAM or causing resets.
